good morning afternoon or and/or evening
everybody depending on where you are and
welcome to the IMS documentation and
developer user experience working group
today is Monday the 6th of January 2020
and you can follow along with the notes
for this meeting you can see a link in
the YouTube video that you may be
viewing is you see this - both the
information on the working group in
general and - the notes for this
specific meeting this is sort of a
special meeting since it's the beginning
of the year we took a couple of weeks
off from these weekly check-ins to
celebrate various winter holidays so
this is a slightly different format
usually this meeting is sort of key to
the okrs objectives and key results for
the quarter in question additionally we
have with the beginning of the year a
rather significant rework in the make up
of this team so I'm going to the
beginning of this call to thank Eric
Ronnie so very very much for his
invaluable contributions to the ipfs
documentation experience he will be
temporarily leaving to work on other
projects within PL so Eric you may be
able to drop in on this meeting on
occasion it would be awesome to see you
but thank you for your service and all
that good stuff Chris it also sounds
like you're going to be joining the the
same effort at least part time in the
next couple of weeks we'll see how that
goes so you don't get affordable thank
you yet but I will raise my cup of
coffee to you because it is Monday
morning Terry we got a new guy he's in
the middle of my screen
would you like to welcome yeah I'm super
excited so we have Joe Sabo Tara's
starting with us today from Moxie and
the downside of this is the reason he's
starting with us is that we're gonna
lose Jill at the end of this week he's
been doing awesome work this quarter so
Joe's a do you want to take a second to
just introduce yourself and tell us a
little bit about what what you've done
and where you're coming from and kind of
stuff
yeah sure so I'm just saying I'm okay
I'm moxie I recently rejoined because I
used to work with moxie two years ago
and now that I'm actually moving out of
the pie I've been living in class three
years and I'm going to back to Portugal
and then I'll be helping in guro school
as much as I can to see you what time is
it didn't goodbye right now it's at 8
p.m. so you're UT c-plus
yeah exactly ok ok yeah so we're we're
later than Josie's normal working hours
he works until 4:00 UTC right now just
still quietly for him so well as we get
further into the quarter and see what's
up favorite thing yeah whether it makes
sense to me meeting or have me report
back to him whatever yeah I mean this is
largely a weekly level set its design
you know as any other to be asynchronous
so we can yeah we can figure that out as
we go along and things are still sort of
up in the air um strategically with
exactly our q1 plans anyway so watch
this space but it's good to have you
here thanks for joining in the middle of
your evening Jase moving back to
Portugal within the next few months and
I just want to say a big thank you on
this last public call he's on to jail
who's been absolutely awesome on the
proto school project he's done made that
the regular files API tutorial right
after starting and has done a whole
bunch of work under the hood that's less
visible to end-users but he's really
improving error handling and stuff like
that so that's been awesome having you
Jalen you'll definitely miss you you're
the some amazing stuff and you're just
an awesome person so thank you very much
for being you and doing what you're done
thank you guys um so I guess really the
one outstanding question and Chris I
will lean on you for updates on this is
when can we launch
well now since a very pointed time to
answer that question new year new
products new documentation that is the
next step so over the last quarter
basically finalized the remaining tasks
that were necessary in order to host the
docs on ipfs and successfully have that
building and deploying to ipfs now we
are waiting through a few switches to be
flicked from infra in order to basically
redirect the domain name to that but I
think that is essentially the status of
where we are now so we have a couple of
tickets open I can add them intially the
meeting notes afterwards which I'll just
keep keep an eye on until everybody is
back from their holidays and I mean back
up to scratch so essentially yeah we
should have the domain running and
basically publicly accessible from the
ipfs domain very very shortly and then
we can execute your Grand Master
communication plan so that is the next
step see maybe you could leave it on
where we'll do that yeah yeah umm I so
so there are a couple of moving pieces
in terms of getting like approvals and a
PR for the blog post and all of that if
I were to actually start working on that
stuff today do you think that lines up
with you first I mean yeah it should be
a case of maybe half an hour's worth of
time for somebody to just configure that
so it's just um yeah just making sure
we're ready I've tested it manually
using my own DNS settings and it all
works fine so that's in the next stage
then we will have a few extra things
that we'll need to obviously cover in
terms of writing out tasks for things
that we want to include as we go forward
into the new beta maybe keeping on some
of the stats or changing some of the
profile so we've got a clean slate and
maybe also merging the existing PRS that
are open for the old doc site to make
sure the duplication those are basically
in place then um which you I think is
all part of plans so you better cover it
that if that's something that we can
pull the trigger on maybe if we're super
lucky maybe we can do that today which
would be sweet that also gives us that
doesn't mean that we're sort of hitting
the point with like the social media
monitoring and all of that stuff so
please keep in mind Eric I know that you
are not really going to have time to do
that but um Johnny and Krista my still
cool to work with all y'all I'm just
keeping an eye on the overall
communications about my land
excellent yep I just a heads up I am
going to be a little bit sporadic over
sort of the second half of next week
I'll be I'm gonna say probably like half
time I have to do a crazy Sherlock
Holmes thing in New York which I can't
tell you all about after this call so so
I may lean on you guys um sort of in the
second half of next week a little bit
harder just in terms of getting the end
of having any sort of communication some
indication that needs happen but it's
pretty straightforward
I did notice in the forums people have
already been noting the existence of our
me to repo and have been tracking their
progress so I own Internet and if y'all
are reading this thank you for keeping
us honest um cool I think this is
probably therefore going to be a quick
call just in terms of keepin the
structure of this meeting since we don't
have any formal guidance from higher up
in our tree as to our okay ours
um I think let's just continue to play
that by ear I think will be plenty busy
over the next sort of two or three weeks
with launch and any troubleshooting news
happen as a result of that and so I
think it's just a matter of between the
launch and trying to start chipping away
at Doc's issues Johnny and lets you and
I have a chat about sort of ways to help
you get that streamline and get set up I
don't know if any of you have noticed
but I did put I did put bounties on I
believe eight issues in the
legacy docks repo for issues that are
available for payouts should anybody
want to tackle those I believe there's
$600 apiece there's been a little bit of
attention on that already if you know
anybody who wants 600 shiny US Dollars
and can write well and make sense
um point about that so do we have
anything else during the recorded
portion of this caller are we good to
call it short and sweet
welcome to the new year I'll just call
out now well well everyone says if
anyone needs a hand with getting the
development environment set up or
contributing to the Beatty repo and some
guidance maybe yeah we can do some
one-on-one time in circle CIE are we is
that where it up yes ivory based all the
world merged in all the changes from the
config so they're all building and
getting the green flag now so we've got
a jewel dependency to notify and I'd be
festive moment so it deploys to both
essentially yeah the you know if I piece
will be a unplugged once the DNS is
resolved
okay and any I know I've got like three
PRS and I'll need to rebase yeah you can
merge and I would advise not merging
anything else until we get the DNS which
just so then we can actually test all
the deploys working and the times it
takes so so good enough guidance would
be um emergent any existing he ours that
are sitting in there no we'll keep we'll
keep them in the queue for the meantime
but I'll keep poking intro to the DNS
change as soon as that's done dad much
time we have already right I shall stop
the recording of this call thank you
everybody for I guess on this we shall
see you next week same time same station